>> Jafar Husain: Broken image.
[LAUGH] Well, so that's an actual failure
case we have to deal with, right?
So we have to worry about broken images.
And one of the ways in which we can
do that is we can attempt to preload
the image before we display it.
Does that make sense?
Anybody out there know how to
preload images in the DOM?
You guys are front-end guys.
Anybody?
>> Student1: Make an image
that is sourced to the thing,
and-
>> Jafar Husain: Got you.
>> Student1: LoadEvent or an ErrorEvent.
>> Jafar Husain: Somebody out there who
just doesn't go NPM install preloader
image, I like it.
Old-school, very nice.
Yes, absolutely, that's the way in
which you can preload an image.
So we can create, and whenever you
wanna create a preloader image,
you can go
>> Jafar Husain: And
then go img.onload = function and
then img.onerror = function.
Make sense?
So here we have a callback API.
How do we turn this into an observable?
Like how do I, I'm gonna express this
whole idea of preloading an image
as an observable, that I have either
fired that image or I guess doesn't.
In our case, we kinda wanna filter
out images that don't exist,
does that make sense?
We wanna filter them out, so how am
I gonna take, I have a source, right?
How do I remove it from the stream
unless it's successfully preloaded?
>> Jafar Husain: It's a good
place to take a quick break.
I want you guys to think about that
a little bit, how would we take maybe
a function like this that does preloading,
and express that as an observable that
either fires on next or just on completes,
cuz the thing isn't an observable, right?
The thing isn't an image,
so we wanna filter over it.